Document LTS process (#310)
jenkins-infra/release: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/1-lts-release-checklist.md

# Next LTS release

> More information about the release process is available [here](../../doc/releases.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More information about the release process is available on the [release guide](../../doc/releases.md).
```
